DOC 2126: Writing a CorDapp using a template tutorials rewrite (#483)
corda/corda-docs: content/en/docs/corda-os/4.8/tut-two-party-contract.md

* Returns silently if it accepts the transaction proposal.

{{< note >}}

> As mentioned in the [Write the state](write-the-state.md) tutorial, the above is Corda source code and is therefore written in Kotlin.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As mentioned in the Modify the state](modify-the-state.md) tutorial, the above is Corda source code and is therefore written in Kotlin.
```

Author: Updated

> As mentioned in the [Write the state](write-the-state.md) tutorial, the above is Corda source code and is therefore written in Kotlin.

Author: Specified which code block it is.

{{< figure alt="simple tutorial transaction 2" zoom="/en/images/simple-tutorial-transaction-2.png" >}}

## Output

> The following code presents how your template should look like after performing all the steps described below:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following code represents what your template should look like after performing all the steps described below:
```

> The following code presents how your template should look like after performing all the steps described below:

Reviewer 2: I think this sentence could be made a bit shorter: 
```suggestion
After you follow all the steps, your CorDapp will look like this:
```

Author: updated

{{< /tabs >}}

## Define the IOUContract

To write a contract that enforces these constraints, you'll need to modify either `TemplateContract.java` or
`TemplateContract.kt` by defining an `IOUContract`, as shown in the following code example:

> 1. Depending whether you are working with Java or Kotlin template, perform one of the following steps:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Depending on whether you are working with the Java or Kotlin template, perform one of the following steps:
```

   * For Java, open `TemplateContract.java` from `contracts/src/main/java/com/template/contracts/TemplateContract.java`.
   * For Kotlin, open `TemplateContract.kt` from `contracts/src/main/kotlin/com/template/contracts/TemplateContract.kt`.

2. Rename the `TemplateContract` class to `IOUContract`.

> 3. Update the `@BelongsToContract` annotation in the state definition ([Write the state](write-the-state.md)) to specify `IOUContract` class.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Update the `@BelongsToContract` annotation in the state definition ([Modify the state](modify-the-state.md)) to specify `IOUContract` class.
```

> * They allow you to define the required signers for the transaction. For example, IOU creation might require signatures

Author: This is an ul item. Leaving as is.

* The IOU itself is invalid.
* The transaction doesn’t require the lender’s signature.

### Define command constraints

You must define any constraints around the transaction’s commands.

Use Corda’s `requireSingleCommand` function to test for the presence of a single `Create` command.

If the `Create` command isn’t present, or if the transaction has multiple `Create` commands, an exception will be
thrown and contract verification will fail.

### Define transaction constraints

You must define any constraints on the transaction. For example, an issuance transaction would require that the transaction can have no inputs and only a single output.

In Kotlin, you use Corda’s built-in `requireThat` blockthese to impose these and the subsequent constraints. `requireThat`
provides a terse way to write the following:

> * If the condition on the right-hand side doesn’t evaluate to true, throw an `IllegalArgumentException` with the message on the left-hand side.

Reviewer 3: Does this need a bullet, now there's only one?

Author: ul not needed, updated the file
